the legendary angel likes unicorns
rainbows and the OC go whoa whoa mother
fucker let's start again hmm but am I
come home I'm counting on you lasagna
and the corner why I'm sorry ma it won't
happen again I promise hmmm I'm gonna do
hey baby how's Emma remembered makes my
ring she wears hello friend but why go
check it fool come on open already
well here inside near the time
whoo I see you're going
what fun is that a huge role with the
wings
ringing spam
okay can I get you on sam what mr. gale
I'm on liquor anta see I see any fat out
400 why is my box or did you go little
bit slower I think we lost them I don't
even find them over and that's just when
I realized what a whore
sure it's fun to pet tell my team I
think we are safe oh my freakin say
tuned for scenes from the next episode
of super smash brothers brawl universe a
bridge